Add a guideline to load config defaults (#279)
rubocop-hq/rails-style-guide: README.adoc

Keep configuration that's applicable to all environments in the `config/application.rb` file.

=== Load Rails Config Defaults [[config-defaults]]

> Load Rails' configuration defaults in the `config/application.rb` corresponding to the used Rails version.

Reviewer: I think a little more guidance/explanation can be given here:
```suggestion
When upgrading to a newer Rails version, your application's configuration setting will remain on the previous version. To take advantage of the latest recommended Rails practices, the `config.load_defaults` setting should match your Rails version.
```

Author: Significantly better said, thank you!

[source,ruby]
----
# good
config.load_defaults 6.1
----

> # good

Reviewer: Acciental?
